# authorship_analysis
Code to my master thesis "Automated Authorship Analysis in German Language Using Forensic Linguistics"
You can download the thesis here: https://it-forensik.fiw.hs-wismar.de/index.php/Manuel_Dorobek
## Abstract:
In a criminal context, the question of the author of an anonymous document often arises. For example, the author of an extortion letter must be identified within a group of suspects. In addition to manual methods, there already exist successful methods for automating authorship analysis in the English language. In the German language, however, there are hardly any publications in this area. Due to linguistic peculiarities, the research question arises whether an automated authorship analysis is also possible in the German language. For this purpose, a classification model for the German language will be developed and an evaluation of the existing features will be performed using it. After a comparison of three algorithms, the choice of the classifier fell on Support Vector Machines. Using a database of German music reviews, classification results of 96.4% could be achieved when distinguishing 25 authors using 60 texts as training data. In the feature evaluation, "Char-Affix-4-Grams" showed to be the most effective feature. Content-dependent features could be omitted due to a sustained strong correlation and consistent results.
## Data:
The data generated and used in this work are very extensive and are therefore only issued on request. Just send me a message for this purpose.
